9.3.0 1 (#13)
ctsit/shibboleth_and_table_auth: README.md

![shib auth settings](img/shib_auth_settings.png)

> **Shibboleth Username Login Field**: The name of the key that is provided by the server containing your Shibboleth login ID. If your institution does not use one of the keys listed in the dropdown menu, select `other` and a text box will appear allowing you to enter the correct key. If the key you have entered is not found on the server, it will default to functioning as if you had chosen the option `None`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Shibboleth Username Login Field**: The value that is provided by the server containing your Shibboleth login ID. If your institution does not use one of the values in the dropdown menu, select `other` and a text box will appear allowing you to enter the correct value. Make sure this string matches the value that has the username on your system.
```

    - This field should only be used if you need to support multiple IdPs. If you are unsure, leave this blank and it will be set to your server's default IdP.
7. **Additional IdP Logins**: Additional IdP options may be added, the fields are the same as 3-6. See the section below for further discussion of multiple IdPs.

## Support for Multiple IdPs

If you are hosting a REDCap instance used by multiple institutions which support Shibboleth authentication, you may wish to allow users to access REDCap via their respective institution's familiar login process; this can be accomplished by adding each institution as an additional **Id**entity **P**rovider. Additional IdPs must also be configured on your server at `/etc/shibboleth/shibboleth2.xml`. The process of adding multiple IdPs to your Shibboleth Service Provider is beyond the scope of this document.

At the end of the options for your final IdP you will see a button labeled "Add IdP", clicking this will create a new set of fields for you to enter information for an additional IdP. If you only had one IdP before clicking this button, a button labelled "Delete This IdP" will appear.  

> Clicking "Delete This IdP" button will eliminate all fields for the IdP whose section you have clicked this button in. Note that if you delete the final IdP login, you will be unable to add additional IdPs until you have refreshed the page.

Author: >In a multi-IdP configuration, each IdP section will show a "Delete This IdP" alongside the "Add IdP" button.

This is actually inaccurate, only the last IdP section has the "Add IdP" button.

> Clicking "Delete This IdP" button will eliminate all fields for the IdP whose section you have clicked this button in. Note that if you delete the final IdP login, you will be unable to add additional IdPs until you have refreshed the page.

Reviewer: taking that clause out, I suggest

```
At the end of the options for your final IdP, you will see a button labeled "Add IdP". Clicking this will create a new set of fields for you to enter information for an additional IdP. 

In a multi-IdP configuration, each IdP section will show a "Delete This IdP". Note that if you delete the final IdP login, you will be unable to add additional IdPs until you have refreshed the page. 
```

> Clicking "Delete This IdP" button will eliminate all fields for the IdP whose section you have clicked this button in. Note that if you delete the final IdP login, you will be unable to add additional IdPs until you have refreshed the page.

Reviewer: the suggestion is now updated.
